{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red35\green255\blue6;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c100000\c0;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh17480\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Define a community problem you want to solve with technology and the people who it affects that you want to serve. Write a full description of your application and bonus points for including drawings(digital or physical).
\f1\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 The community problem that I want to solve with technology would be to help train riders find things that they have recently lost or may have left behind on the train or bus. It would work through users submitting posts, pictures and/or documenting the time and date that they found something. It serves and affects all of the people who ride the bus/trains in NYC. It could also work with the MTA lost and found stations/booths as well so that people can have a place to pick up their items or to bring lost items to. MTA Cleaning people can also report the lost items into the app. Users may report a found item and/or put in a request for us to see if we have something in our database that matches what they may have lost on the train/bus. For example, a lost item message can be \'93I left my red backpack on the 2 train going uptown at around 3pm\'94 and a found item post can be \'93I found a red backpack on the 2 train going uptown at around 3:30pm\'94 then if we have a match we can ask them some question to make sure we can get it back to the right person safely.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Lastly, fill out a lean business canvas with all the necessary factors. This can be submitted in the module 7 folder through git.\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 	[Lean Business Canvas Located in Lean_Business_Canvas.jpg File]
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
}